CASM-5660/CASM-5661: RR Ansible play only checks for RR enablement sometimes (#392)
Cray-HPE/csm-config: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.45.0] - 2025-07-23

### Changed

- CASM-5661: RR Ansible play only checks for RR enablement sometimes

>   - Fixed to skip enabling/ configuring Rack Resiliency instead of failing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - CASM-5660: Changed to skip enabling/ configuring Rack Resiliency instead of failing 
```

>   - CASM-5660: Changed to skip enabling/ configuring Rack Resiliency instead of failing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CASM-5660: Changed to skip enabling/ configuring Rack Resiliency instead of failing 
```
